Improve layout and formatting of `concept.rst` for GUI system docs (#1680)
pythonarcade/arcade: doc/programming_guide/gui/concept.rst

GUI Concepts
------------

GUI elements are represented as instances of :py:class:`~arcade.gui.UIWidget`.
The GUI is structured like a tree; every widget can have other widgets as
children.

The root of the tree is the :py:class:`~arcade.gui.UIManager`. The
:class:`UIManager` connects the user interactions with the GUI. Read more about
:ref:`UIEvent`.

Classes of arcade's GUI code are prefixed with ``UI-`` to make them easy to
identify and search for in autocompletion.

UIWidget
========

A :py:class:`~arcade.class.UIWidget` is the core of arcade's GUI. A widget
represents the behaviour and graphical representation of any element (like

> buttons or text).

Reviewer: 1. "A" is inappropriate here since the concept being referred to is the class, not the instances of them.
2. `arcade.class.UIWidget` does not appear to be a valid module
3. This should probably rephrased to remove ambiguity in a number of areas.

```suggestion
The :py:class:`~arcade.gui.UIWidget` class is the core of arcade's GUI system. Widgets
specify the behavior and graphical representation of any UI element, such as buttons
or labels.
```

Reviewer 2: Will apply after merge

A :class:`UIWidget` has following properties.

``rect``
    A tuple with four slots. The first two are x and y coordinates (bottom
    left of the widget), and the last two are width and height.

``children``
    Child widgets rendered within this widget. A :class:`UIWidget` will not
    move or resize its children; use a :py:class:`~arcade.gui.UILayout`
    instead.

``size_hint``
    A tuple of two floats. Defines how much of the parent's space it would like
    to occupy (range: ``0.0-1.0``). For maximal vertical and horizontal

>     expansion, define a ``size_hint`` of 1 for the axis.

Reviewer: We can be even clearer with examples.

```suggestion
    A tuple of two normalized floats (``0.0``-``1.0``) describing the portion of the parent's width
    and height this widget prefers to occupy.
    
    Examples::
    
        # Prefer to take up all space within the parent
        widget.size_hint = (1.0, 1.0)
    
        # Prefer to take up the full width & half the height of the parent
        widget.size_hint = (1.0, 0.5)

        # Prefer using 1/10th of the available width & height
        widget.size_hint = (0.1, 0.1)
 ```

``size_hint_min``
    A tuple of two integers. Defines minimal size of the widget. Changing the

>     size of a widget to a lower values will use this size instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A tuple of two integers defining the minimum width and height of the widget.
    Attempting to set a smaller width or height on the widget will fail by defaulting
    to the minimum values specified here.
```

``size_hint_max``
    A tuple of two integers. Defines maximum size of the widget. Changing the

>     size of a widget to a higher values will use this size instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A tuple of two integers defining the maximum width and height of the widget.
    Attempting to set a larger width or height greater will fail by defaulting to the
    to the maximum values specified here.
 ```

``size_hint``, ``size_hint_min``, and ``size_hint_max`` are values that are
additional information of a widget, but do not effect the widget on its own.

> :class:`UILayout` may use this data to place or resize a widget.

Reviewer: This paragraph is very unclear in its current form in addition to typos (effect instead of affect). We may as well improve it.
```suggestion
.. warning:: Size hints do nothing on their own!

             They are hints to :class:`UILayout` instances, which may
             choose to use or ignore them.
```

Constructs are predefined structures of widgets and layouts like a message box
or (not yet available) file dialogues.

Available Elements
==================

- :class:`UIWidget`:
    - :class:`UIFlatButton` - 2D flat button for simple interactions (hover, press, release, click)
    - :class:`UITextureButton` - textured button (use :meth:`arcade.load_texture()`) for simple interactions (hover, press, release, click)
    - :class:`UILabel` - Simple text, supports multiline, fits content
    - :class:`UIInputText` - field to accept user text input
    - :class:`UITextArea` - Multiline scrollable text widget.
    - :class:`UISpriteWidget` - Embeds a Sprite within the GUI tree
- :class:`UILayout`:
    - :class:`UIBoxLayout` - Places widgets next to each other (vertical or horizontal)
    - :class:`UIAnchorLayout` - Places widgets within itself following anchor information
    - :class:`UIGridLayout` - Places widgets within a grid
- Constructs
    - :class:`UIMessageBox` - Popup box with a message text and a few buttons.
- Mixins
    - :class:`UIDraggableMixin` - Makes a widget draggable.
    - :class:`UIMouseFilterMixin` - Catches mouse events that occure within the widget boundaries.

>     - :class:`UIWindowLikeMixin` - Combination of :class:`UIDraggableMixin` and :class:`UIMouseFilterMixin`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure removing this entirely is a good idea. The sidebar menu doesn't link the sections below, so this may be useful if we keep it and build on the API link style around lines 374-396, but also add links to relevant headings within this page.

@eruvanos your thoughts?  Maybe something like this but with better line length?
```
- :py:class:`~arcade.gui.UIWidget`:
    - :py:class:`~arcade.gui.UIFlatButton` - `(concept) <pg_gui_concepts_uiflatbutton>`_ 2D flat button for simple interactions (hover, press, release, click)

...

.. pg_gui_concepts_uiflatbutton:

Flat button
^^^^^^^^^^^
```
The programming guide link anchor convention is unfinalized and only currently used in #1620 as far as I know. Regardless of what standard we settle on, my goals are:
1. Keep object docstrings simple, favoring examples
2. Link relevant programming guide pages from them

Reviewer 2: I see your points, right now I would like to continue and merge the general improvements. We can at it latter if we feel it is really missing.

display a background behind the layout.

A text input field allows the user to move a caret around text to modify it, as
well as selecting parts of text to replace or delete it. Motion symbols for a
text field are listed in :py:mod:`pyglet.window.key` module.

Text area
^^^^^^^^^

**Name**: :py:class:`~arcade.gui.UITextArea`

A text area is a scrollable text widget. A user can scroll the mouse to view a
rendered text document. **This does not support editing text**. Think of it as
a scrollable label instead of a text field.

``width`` and ``height`` allocate a size for the text area. If text does not
fit within these dimensions then only part of it will be displayed. Scrolling
the mouse will display other sections of the text incrementally. Other
parameters include ``multiline`` and ``scroll_speed``. See
:py:attr:`~pyglet.text.layout.ScrollableTextLayout.view_y` on scroll speed.

Use ``layout`` and ``doc`` to get the pyglet layout and document for the
text area, respectively.

.. _UIEvent:

User-interface events
=====================

Arcade's GUI events are fully typed dataclasses, which provide information

> about a event effecting the UI.

Reviewer: 1. "an", due to event starting with a vowel sound
2. "affecting" rather than "effecting". I know this is annoying, but in english these have completely different meanings despite sounding the same.
 
```suggestion
about an event affecting the UI.
```
